
https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E17984_01/doc.898/e14693/e1_as_web_service_provid.htm


 Calling a Database Operation:

You can create business service methods that call database operations. Database operations include query, insert, update, and delete.
You use the business service foundation Database Call Wizard to create these business services.


 Transaction Processing

Transaction processing is a way to update the JD Edwards EnterpriseOne database. A transaction is a logical unit of work performed on the
database to complete a common task and maintain data consistency. The database is updated when a transaction is either automatically or 
manually committed. The business service framework provides two types of default transactions: manual commit connection and auto commit
connection.

For a single manual commit transaction, the default behavior is to scope all processing within the published business service method. If 
any operation within this scope fails, all operations are rolled back, and the published business service method throws an exception. 
This behavior is recommended when you commit multiple records to multiple tables.

For a single auto commit transaction, the default behavior is for each operation to commit or roll back immediately, which means that
each table update within each business function call is either committed or rolled back immediately. This behavior is recommended for 
queries for which no transaction is needed or when you commit a single record to a single table.


When you are deciding which type of connection to use, you should always consider the business function behavior.

Default transaction behavior should cover most scenarios, but you can define a business service method that explicitly manages transactions.
When determining whether a business service requires explicit transaction processing, you should review current JD Edwards EnterpriseOne
functionality in the application. If the application uses explicit transaction processing, you should carefully review whether the
business service should handle transaction processing the same way.

The Business Service Development Methodology guide provides a detailed discussion about transaction processing. In addition, the chapters 
pertaining to creating a published business service and creating a business service provide an overview of creating a transaction.

See also:

"Transaction Processing, Auto Commit" in the JD Edwards EnterpriseOne Tools Business Services Development Methodology Guide.

 Business Service Properties

Business service properties provide a way for you to change a value in a business service method without changing the method code.
A business service property consists of a key and a value. The key is the name of the business service property and cannot be changed.
Business service properties are OMW objects.You can use OMW or the Business Service Property Admin program (P951000) to
create and maintain them.

 Creating a Custom Published Business Service
 JD Edwards EnterpriseOne provides reference implementations that you can use as a model for creating a published business service.
 The reference implementations are for reference only and are not intended to be used in a production environment. The following steps 
 provide how-to information for creating a custom published business service that can be exposed as a web service:
 
1) Determine whether to create a new published business service or extend an existing published business service.
2) Create a new OMW object for the published business service.
3) Add classes to the published business service object.

Create published business service class.
    – Name the published business service class.
    – Create a transaction.
    – Name the published business service methods.
